everybody's vdot here and compliments of
versatile and mr. kite sorry aka deluxe
moist they keep prodding me to make this
dr. pepper cake you know so favors from
the internet so today I'm gonna make it
here's the cool part about this you only
need two ingredients one a box of your
favorite chocolate cake mix now we tease
Kai about being deluxe moist and I'm
supposed to use deluxe moist but hey
Betty Crocker super moist was on sale
and you need the 12 ounce can of dr.
pepper well I couldn't find the 12 ounce
can so I was forced to buy this 20 ounce
bottle I'll never drink the last four
ounces of this or actually I can't count
the last eight ounces of this so remove
it to the side what I have here is a
handy Pyrex with exactly 12 ounces of
deep pepper in it check that yep
remember science class from sixth grade
measure from the bottom of the meniscus
giant mixing bowl and a chocolate
powdery goodness okay let's see how this
works supposedly just the chemicals and
whatever putrefaction is going on in
this dr. pepper is supposed to give you
the same reaction as all the eggs and
everything so following my Alton Brown
baking 101 make a little well pour this
in the well oh we're getting a chemical
reaction right now and we're just going
to stir this hair up a bit wow this
looks like a weird science bearment from
like Mystery Science Theater now
according to Alton Brown to you twirl it
and you move this from the inside all I
feel like it's doing is lumping up in my
whisk here but you're not supposed to
over beat cake mix but I can see it's
all starting to come together here okay
for the sake of high-speed camera I'm
not going to let you watch me sit here
beat my mix for two hours
okay I think that's about it let me get
one more scrape on the bowl on the way
around and also don't forget to get the
bottoms if your bowl is not completely
rounded good thing about glasses you can
look and see if you got it all mixed
together that looks pretty well well
done all I need to do is grease the pan
they give you a couple different options
on the box I'm going for it traditional
13 by 9 and again just going to throw
this bad boy in the oven you know how to
do the rest right grease the pan pour it
in stick it in the oven and I'm looking
for let's see 13 by 9 we're going to let
this cook for 32 to 37 minutes after
that we'll come back we'll show you
looks like all right so the oven beeper
just about to go off
basically meaning is done I let this one
go for 32 minutes and then we're gonna
check and see how it goes so let me stop
the timer before it screams at us again
always open the oven and give the steam
a chance to come out first before you
burn off your face that looks kind of
epic now normally you stick a toothpick
or a butter knife in and check the
middle and Hawaii metal Korean
chopsticks right in the center
see if it comes out clean looks clean
nothing on the stick I don't know if you
can see that but yeah there's nothing on
mistake so the cake will bake a little
bit more too so when you first pull it
out let it cool off kind of let it alone
for about the first five or six minutes
it's going to continue to bake and then
eventually what we'll do is we'll get it
out of this pan and put it like on a
rack or something to cool in this case
I'm gonna probably just leave it in the
pan and eat it the way it is but let's
give that sucker in a second to cool
down and we'll check it out Dr Pepper
cake looking good folks alright so we're
going to cut this cake and see how it
turns out again one 12-ounce can of dr.
pepper one box of cake mix and that's
all you wrote
and it looks like Kate there is he's a
little crumbly I'm not sure the science
behind that I have to go watch some more
often Brown but it does seem to just
falling apart let's give this a taste
hmm it tastes good it's a little bit
curbing the texture is not cakey oh I
didn't ice this because I normally don't
like to ice my cake I like to eat them
like that and then just add some Nutella
where necessary you can take anything to
put the jello on it and then it tastes
better so there might have been
something funky going with the recipe
one thing about bacon you got to try it
more than once because the humidity
temperature of the day a lot of
different factors also this time I did
use Betty Crocker rather than Duncan
Hines I think I have to do it again with
the Duncan Hines but the taste is great
if you want to present it like it's two
not so cute you should go dr. pepper
cake experiment see very crumbly and I'm
sure why anyway that was my experiment
see you again don't forget to reach over
there and subscribe to my channel and
I'll come up with some more Instagram
cooking experiences bye stop watching me
I gotta eat